Add Misc Items from @voiperr (#8)
acemod/ACEX: addons/miscitems/README.md

acex_miscitems
=======

> Makes the default small items from A3 (cell phone, etc.) equippable for various uses. Especially helpful for mission makers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Makes the default small items from Arma 3 (cell phone, cans, etc.) equippable for various uses. Especially helpful for mission makers.
```

These items have no additional functionality.

## Maintainers

The people responsible for merging changes to this component or answering potential questions.

> - [voiper](https://github.com/voiperr)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [voiper](https://github.com/voiperr)
- [PabstMirror](https://github.com/PabstMirror)
- [Jonpas](https://github.com/jonpas)
```
